README.md, before:

# 🚀 Getting started with Strapi

Strapi comes with a full featured [Command Line Interface](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html) (CLI) which lets you scaffold and manage your project in seconds.

### `develop`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload enabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-develop)

```
npm run develop
# or
yarn develop
```

### `start`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload disabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-start)

```
npm run start
# or
yarn start
```

### `build`

Build your admin panel. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-build)

```
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## ⚙️ Deployment

Strapi gives you many possible deployment options for your project. Find the one that suits you on the [deployment section of the documentation](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment.html).

## 📚 Learn more

- [Resource center](https://strapi.io/resource-center) - Strapi resource center.
- [Strapi documentation](https://docs.strapi.io) - Official Strapi documentation.
- [Strapi tutorials](https://strapi.io/tutorials) - List of tutorials made by the core team and the community.
- [Strapi blog](https://docs.strapi.io) - Official Strapi blog containing articles made by the Strapi team and the community.
- [Changelog](https://strapi.io/changelog) - Find out about the Strapi product updates, new features and general improvements.

Feel free to check out the [Strapi GitHub repository](https://github.com/strapi/strapi). Your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## ✨ Community

- [Discord](https://discord.strapi.io) - Come chat with the Strapi community including the core team.
- [Forum](https://forum.strapi.io/) - Place to discuss, ask questions and find answers, show your Strapi project and get feedback or just talk with other Community members.
- [Awesome Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/awesome-strapi) - A curated list of awesome things related to Strapi.

---

<sub>🤫 Psst! [Strapi is hiring](https://strapi.io/careers).</sub>

Commit message:

ad a script to execute db-dump automatically

README.md, after:

# Setup

To execute in bash a db_dump from remote server to local environment:

```
chmod +x database_sync.sh
./database_sync.sh

```

For the connection to the db from remote server, you need to add connection adress in the .env file. For this, login to railway, go to postres database, open "data" and click on *connect* in the line of "Connect to the database Postgres"

Copy connection URL and add it to the variable REMOTE_CONNECTION_URL

# 🚀 Getting started with Strapi

Strapi comes with a full featured [Command Line Interface](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html) (CLI) which lets you scaffold and manage your project in seconds.

### `develop`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload enabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-develop)

```
npm run develop
# or
yarn develop
```

### `start`

Start your Strapi application with autoReload disabled. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-start)

```
npm run start
# or
yarn start
```

### `build`

Build your admin panel. [Learn more](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/cli/CLI.html#strapi-build)

```
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## ⚙️ Deployment

Strapi gives you many possible deployment options for your project. Find the one that suits you on the [deployment section of the documentation](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment.html).

## 📚 Learn more

- [Resource center](https://strapi.io/resource-center) - Strapi resource center.
- [Strapi documentation](https://docs.strapi.io) - Official Strapi documentation.
- [Strapi tutorials](https://strapi.io/tutorials) - List of tutorials made by the core team and the community.
- [Strapi blog](https://docs.strapi.io) - Official Strapi blog containing articles made by the Strapi team and the community.
- [Changelog](https://strapi.io/changelog) - Find out about the Strapi product updates, new features and general improvements.

Feel free to check out the [Strapi GitHub repository](https://github.com/strapi/strapi). Your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## ✨ Community

- [Discord](https://discord.strapi.io) - Come chat with the Strapi community including the core team.
- [Forum](https://forum.strapi.io/) - Place to discuss, ask questions and find answers, show your Strapi project and get feedback or just talk with other Community members.
- [Awesome Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/awesome-strapi) - A curated list of awesome things related to Strapi.

---

<sub>🤫 Psst! [Strapi is hiring](https://strapi.io/careers).</sub>
